Who is the last person you texted?
Read the last text you received out loud, but don't tell who it's from.
Are you religious/spiritual? Is there a difference?
What's the strangest compliment you've ever received?
Who's the most attractive person in the room?
What is the most creative expletive you can think of?
Do you want kids? How many?
What are the last 5 things in your search history?
Who knows you better than anyone else?
Would you lie to get what you want?
Have you ever stolen something?
Are rules made to be followed or broken?
If someone dropped $20 in the street, would you give it back to them or keep it?
Are you trustworthy?
What's the most awkward job interview you've ever had?
Do you drive the speed limit?
Could you outrun the zombies?
Do you think doomsday preppers are crazy?
Is it better to be loved or feared?
If somebody starts a fight, can you finish it?
If your crush told you he liked your best friend, what would you do?
What if you best friend told you that she liked your crush?
If you knew your friend's boyfriend was cheating on her, what would you do?
Have you ever told a lie about your best friend to make yourself look better?
What was your first impression of [fill in the name of a person in the room]?
If you had to date someone else's boyfriend, who would it be?
Who's hotter? You or your friend?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Rate everyone in the room from 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Would you share a toothbrush with you best friend?
Rate everyone in the room from 1 to 10, with 10 being the best personality.
Have you ever ignored a friend's text. Why did you do it?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Would you let a friend cheat on a test?
If your friend asked you to lie for her and you knew you would get in trouble, would you do it?
If one of your friends was cheating with your other friend's boyfriend, what would you do?
Would you ditch your friends if you could become the most popular girl in school?
If you had to choose, who would you stop being friends with?
Name one thing you would change about each person in this room.
If you had to trade your friend in for the celebrity crush of your dreams, which friend would you choose.
What was your first impression of your best friend's boyfriend?
What do you think about him now?
Have you ever thought about ditching your friend for a boy?
If someone asked you what your best friend is like, how would you describe her?
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people. Who do you pick?
On an overnight trip, would you rather share a bed with your best friend or her boyfriend?
If you could swap one physical feature with your best friend, what would that be?
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
If your best friend had B.O., would you tell her?
What is the most annoying thing about your best friends
Are you jealous of someone because of who they date?
Are you obsessed with a celebrity?
Did you ever break your boyfriend’s/girlfriend’s heart?
Did you ever have a crush on any of your best friend’s boyfriends/girlfriends?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Have you been kissed yet?
Have you ever fallen in love with someone at first sight?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
How many boyfriends have you had?
How would you want the love of your life to propose to you?
If you are stranded on a remote island, who would you choose for company?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you had to go out on a date with one of us in the room, who would it be?
If you had to pick one of us to go on a prom date, who would it be?
Of all the people you have dated, who has the most beautiful eyes?
Tell us about your most embarrassing date?
Was your heart ever broken by your boyfriend/girlfriend?
What kind of a person would you want to be married to in the future?
What was your most awkward moment on a date?
What’s your idea of a perfect date?
When did you have your first kiss, and with who?
Where would you like to go on a first date?
Who do you think is the most beautiful/handsome teacher at school?
Who is the most handsome guy/beautiful girl at school?
Who was your first crush at school?
Would you break up with someone by sending them a text?
Would you use a dating website?